about.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: About
categories: about
permalink: /about/
---

I am working as a Principal Developer at [Ericsson Software Technology](https://www.est.tech) in Stockholm, Sweden.
My interests include automation, CI/CD, DevOps, and Infrastructure and currently involved in several large scale
CI/CD initiatives both internally and within open source.

I served as a committer-at-large member in [OPNFV](https://www.opnfv.org) Technical Steering Committee (TSC) between
2016-2018 and I am currently a member of [Nordix](https://www.nordix.org/) Technical Committee. (TC)

The initiatives I take part in aim to establish CI/CD principles and practices in the industry and across open
source. [OPNFV Cross Community CI (XCI)](https://opnfv-releng-xci.readthedocs.io) Project started within OPNFV
community during 2016 which I was the creator and technical lead of. XCI helped us to  pave the way for broader
collaboration across different open source communities in CI/CD and Infrastructure area. This resulted in an
initiative named [OpenCI](https://gitlab.com/openci) in April 2018. I am co-founder of this initiative which is
now dormant.

Following the work we have been doing within the industry and across various open source communities, we
[proposed](https://lists.cd.foundation/g/cdf-toc/topic/60607236) the formation of Special Interest Group (SIG)
Interoperability to [Continuous Delivery Foundation (CDF)](https://cd.foundation/). The SIG was
[approved](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/01/21/cd-foundation-technical-oversight-committee-approves-interoperability-sig/)
during January 2020 by CDF Technical Oversight Committee (TOC). I currently serve as the chair to the SIG.
In addition to my involvement in [SIG Interoperability](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-Interoperability),
I am a contributor to CDF TOC.

In addition to CI/CD engagements listed above, I actively contribute to [OpenStack Baremetal SIG](https://etherpad.opendev.org/p/bare-metal-sig),
[Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF)](https://openssf.org/) [Security Tooling Workgroup (WG)](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling),
and [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io/).

In following sections, you will find the list of talks I've given, webinars, panels and interviews I've taken
part of and articles and blog posts I contributed to.

## Conference Talks, Webinars, Panels

| Title                                                                               | Event                             | Date           | Videos/Slides
| :---                                                                                | :---                              | :---           | :---
| The Road to Interoperability in CI/CD                                               | [FOSDEM 2021, Virtual](https://fosdem.org/2021/) | February 2021   | [Slides](https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/event/the_road_to_interoperability_in_cicd/attachments/slides/4385/export/events/attachments/the_road_to_interoperability_in_cicd/slides/4385/FOSDEM201_The_Road_to_Interoperability_in_CICD.pdf)
| ONAP and DevOps - Integration with CI/CD Pipelines                                  | [LFN Developer and Testing Forum](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=46106257) | February 2021 | [Video](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/download/attachments/50528946/ONAP%20And%20DevOps%20-%20Integration%20with%20CICD%20Pipelines.mp4?version=1&modificationDate=1612389823000&api=v2)
| Interoperability Challenges in CI/CD Ecosystem                                      | [CI/CD Industry Workshop](https://conf.researchr.org/home/cciw-2020#program), [ICST2020](https://icst2020.info/) | October 2020   | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Tq8MA724gX0YBkxZDStnPjTZg9096EndAb4jb3jbBos/edit)
| Interoperability Birds of a Feather (BoF)                                           | [cdCon 2020](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cdcon/) | October 2020   | [Notes](https://hackmd.io/AizhDLlRTyuYWz-XidWdGg)
| CI/CD as Enabler to Building Next Generation Networks                               | Open Infrastructure Summit, Denver| May 2019       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1fhmJsJQR0)
| Digital Transformation in Finance Industry                                          | Open Infrastructure Summit, Denver| May 2019       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtVOqmpYyes)
| Evolving CI/CD in Open Source                                                       | Spinnaker Summit, Seattle         | October 2018   | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SCtDqrBhoorNheexYoHtOW_P7OOTxKHB5oRHt1mSTWU/edit?usp=sharing)
| Panel: The Growing Spinnaker Ecosystem                                              | Spinnaker Summit, Seattle         | October 2018   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2TeQlyWGmc)
| Creating Synergies: Sharing and Reusing Results of CI/CD System Between Communities | Open Networking Summit Europe     | September 2018 | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TNG8xEhtKt5B54Phw_5rqM4jsNBjwEQgDsP-MwkwpTg/edit?usp=sharing)
| Evolving CI/CD in Open Source Networking                                            | Open Networking Summit Europe     | September 2018 | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qYfSfLig3sQyuZSiYcARDivlPrbHbq1ry_nf3ICeAjs/edit?usp=sharing)
| Keynote: Continuous Delivery Across Communities                                     | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpAP4LwSO60)
| We Came Together, Now What?                                                         | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZdjatVB8nZbUf2GJsYRFbwm6BA3naELJhyajWkVdY-A/edit?usp=sharing)
| OpenCI: What, Why, How?                                                             | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | N/A
| Lab as a Service: Compose Your Cloud Automatically with Few Clicks                  | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver       | May 2018       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNZ2bIsNZ_g)
| Lessons Learned: Integration, From the Cradle to the Stage                          | LFN Dev Forum, Los Angeles        | March 2018     | N/A
| Cross Community Infra/CICD                                                          | LFN Dev Forum, Los Angeles        | March 2018     | N/A
| Lab as a Service: Compose Your Cloud Automatically with Few Clicks                  | Open Networking Summit NA         | March 2018     | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wiAAJz4ERkxAizuPU3CeB8yum5plu1RBhGVNifZ6aC0/edit#slide=id.g2927690177_2_6)
| Integrating Cloud and Container Projects in the OPNFV community: Cross Community CI | FOSDEM 2018, Brussels             | February 2018  | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmfIczDJe5w)
| Cross Community CI                                                                  | OPNFV Plugfest, Portland          | December 2017  | N/A
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: XCI                                      | OpenStack Summit, Sydney          | November 2017  | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLkWMcllUu8)
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: XCI                                      | Open Source Summit, Prague        | October 2017   | N/A
| Composing your cloud, learn how to automate deployment of your complete cloud stack | OpenStack Days Nordic             | October 2017   | N/A
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: Cross Community CI                       | OpenStack Days Nordic             | October 2017   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9moh37G_7q0)
| Cross Community CI & Lab as a Service                                               | OpenDaylight DDF, Santa Clara     | October 2017   | N/A
| Cross Community CI ETSI NFV TST                                                     | ETSI NFV#19, Denver               | September 2017 | N/A
| Being Brave: Deploying OpenStack from Master                                        | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqIzgCh46SI)
| Improving POD Usage in Labs, CI and Testing                                         | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGf6Rj9mJlo)
| OPNFV XCI                                                                           | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | N/A
| OPNFV Testing + OPNFV Pharos + OPNFV XCI                                            | OpenStack Summit, Boston          | May 2017       | N/A
| OPNFV XCI and Infrastructure                                                        | OPNFV Hackfest, Paris             | April 2017     | N/A
| How Automated CI/CD Enables Network Provisioning                                    | Open Networking Summit, NA        | April 2017     | N/A
| OPNFV CI and Challenges                                                             | CODE-STHLM, Stockholm             | November 2016  | N/A
| The Benefits of E2E Integration between open Source Communities Using 3rd Party CI  | OpenStack Summit, Barcelona       | October 2016   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_sNKOYE3PE)
| OPNFV Infrastructure                                                                | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc4ExT6wano)
| CI/CD & DevOps                                                                      | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YINIzMtzMdo)
| Multisite OPNFV Testing Challenges                                                  | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XNnCD5Iyv0)
| Panel: CI/CD & DevOps                                                               | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9imzxcr1W8)
| Diary of an Infra Guy                                                               | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| OPNFV Infrastructure Projects                                                       | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| Integrate, Deploy, and Test using OPNFV Labs                                        | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| OPNFV Continuous Integration                                                        | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver       | May 2015       | N/A

## Interviews, Webinars, Podcasts

| Title                                                            | Event                         | Date           | Video/Podcast
| :---                                                             | :---                          | :---           | :---
| The Pipeline: All things CI/CD & DevOps Podcast: Interoperability| CDF Podcast                   | May 2020       | [Link](https://cdeliveryfdn.buzzsprout.com/1008697/3778943-cdf-sig-interoperability-chair-cloudbees-puppet-discuss-interoperability)
| Telecom TV: OpenCI                                               | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver   | May 2018       | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVf_oWQTwIQ)
| RDO Community: Using Zuul outside of OpenStack                   | OpenStack PTG, Dublin         | March 2018     | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=affAJm9StXg)
| RDO Community: OpenStack and OPNFV                               | OpenStack PTG, Denver         | September 2017 | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8k5s1_bI1Y)
| Linux Foundation: OPNFV XCI                                      | OPNFV Summit, Beijing         | July 2017      | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X8nMVf48DM)
| Telecom TV: Network Functions Virtualization                     | OpenStack Summit, Boston      | May 2017       | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD7UaRWN-Gs)
| The New Networking: DevOps, Cross-project Integration, and XCI   | LF Webinars                   | November 2017  | [Link](https://t.co/IZF9Sf1nIR)

## Articles, Blog Posts

| Title                                                                   | Date         | Link
| :---                                                                    | :---         | :---
| CDF SIG Interoperability 2020: Year in Review                           | January 2021 | [CD Foundation Blog Post](https://cd.foundation/blog/2021/01/19/cdf-sig-interoperability-2020-year-in-review/)
| Why Interoperability in CI/CD Matters for Future Innovation             | October 2020 | [Ericsson Blog](https://www.ericsson.com/en/blog/2020/10/ci-cd-devops-interoperability-future-innovation)
| Building the Future on Bare Metal                                       | July 2020    | [OpenStack Foundation Bare Metal Whitepaper](https://www.openstack.org/use-cases/bare-metal/how-ironic-delivers-abstraction-and-automation-using-open-source-infrastructure)
| How the CDF is Establishing a Shared Vocabulary for the Industry        | April 2020   | [CD Foundation Newsletter Article](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/04/24/how-the-cdf-is-establishing-a-shared-vocabulary-for-the-industry/)
| CD Foundation TOC Approves Interoperability Special Interest Group      | January 2020 | [CD Foundation Blog Post](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/01/21/cd-foundation-technical-oversight-committee-approves-interoperability-sig/)
| XCI: How OPNFV Slashed Upstream Integration from Months to Days         | October 2017 | [OPNFV Website](https://www.opnfv.org/blog/2017/10/19/xci-how-opnfv-slashed-upstream-integration-from-months-to-days)
| XCI Solution Brief                                                      | August 2017  | [XCI Solution Brief](https://www.opnfv.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2017/08/OPNFV_SolutionBrief_XCI_080617.pdf)
| DevOps: fueling the evolution toward 5G networks                        | April 2017   | [Ericsson Technology Review](https://www.ericsson.com/en/publications/ericsson-technology-review/archive/2017/devops-fueling-the-evolution-toward-5g-networks)

## Other

| What                                 | Where
| :---                                 | :---
| CI/CD Devroom Moderator              | [FOSDEM 2021 CI/CD Devroom](https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/track/continuous_integration_and_continuous_deployment/)
| Program Committee                    | [Continuous Delivery Summit, KubeCon Europe, 2020](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/continuous-delivery-summit/)
| Program Committee                    | [Continuous Delivery Summit, KubeCon North America, 2019](https://cd.foundation/announcement/2019/09/30/join-us-at-continuous-delivery-summit/)
| Track Chair, CI/CD                   | [Open Infrastructure Summit Denver, 2019](https://www.openstack.org/summit/denver-2019/)
| Track Chair, CI/CD                   | [OpenStack Summit Berlin, 2018](https://www.openstack.org/summit/berlin-2018/)
| Member of the Programming Committee  | [OpenDev, 2018](http://www.opendevconf.com/)
| Track Chair, Infrastructure & DevOps | [OPNFV Summit Beijing, 2017](https://www.opnfv.org/opnfv-summit-2017-event-recap)
| Track Chair, NFV                     | [OpenStack Summit Boston, 2017](https://www.openstack.org/summit/boston-2017/)
| MSc Thesis Supervisor                | [Investigating the Possibility of an Active/Active Highly Available Jenkins](https://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:647472/FULLTEXT01.pdf)

## Disclaimer

The views expressed on this website are my own and do not reflect the view of my employer and/or the open source communities I am involved in.

Commit message:

Add CDF Meetup Policy Talk

about.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: About
categories: about
permalink: /about/
---

I am working as a Principal Developer at [Ericsson Software Technology](https://www.est.tech) in Stockholm, Sweden.
My interests include automation, CI/CD, DevOps, and Infrastructure and currently involved in several large scale
CI/CD initiatives both internally and within open source.

I served as a committer-at-large member in [OPNFV](https://www.opnfv.org) Technical Steering Committee (TSC) between
2016-2018 and I am currently a member of [Nordix](https://www.nordix.org/) Technical Committee. (TC)

The initiatives I take part in aim to establish CI/CD principles and practices in the industry and across open
source. [OPNFV Cross Community CI (XCI)](https://opnfv-releng-xci.readthedocs.io) Project started within OPNFV
community during 2016 which I was the creator and technical lead of. XCI helped us to  pave the way for broader
collaboration across different open source communities in CI/CD and Infrastructure area. This resulted in an
initiative named [OpenCI](https://gitlab.com/openci) in April 2018. I am co-founder of this initiative which is
now dormant.

Following the work we have been doing within the industry and across various open source communities, we
[proposed](https://lists.cd.foundation/g/cdf-toc/topic/60607236) the formation of Special Interest Group (SIG)
Interoperability to [Continuous Delivery Foundation (CDF)](https://cd.foundation/). The SIG was
[approved](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/01/21/cd-foundation-technical-oversight-committee-approves-interoperability-sig/)
during January 2020 by CDF Technical Oversight Committee (TOC). I currently serve as the chair to the SIG.
In addition to my involvement in [SIG Interoperability](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-Interoperability),
I am a contributor to CDF TOC.

In addition to CI/CD engagements listed above, I actively contribute to [OpenStack Baremetal SIG](https://etherpad.opendev.org/p/bare-metal-sig),
[Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF)](https://openssf.org/) [Security Tooling Workgroup (WG)](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling),
and [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io/).

In following sections, you will find the list of talks I've given, webinars, panels and interviews I've taken
part of and articles and blog posts I contributed to.

## Conference Talks, Webinars, Panels

| Title                                                                               | Event                             | Date           | Videos/Slides
| :---                                                                                | :---                              | :---           | :---
| Defining Standard Policies for a Common DevOps Pipeline                             | [CDF Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/CD-Foundation-Online/events/276738471/) | March 2021   | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aJbdTRV7LxjsL7ptBViUSRWxK7qTD2UQSR0LawOKgnE/edit?usp=sharing)/[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAn1yJpJsW0)
| The Road to Interoperability in CI/CD                                               | [FOSDEM 2021, Virtual](https://fosdem.org/2021/) | February 2021   | [Slides](https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/event/the_road_to_interoperability_in_cicd/attachments/slides/4385/export/events/attachments/the_road_to_interoperability_in_cicd/slides/4385/FOSDEM201_The_Road_to_Interoperability_in_CICD.pdf)/[Video](https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/event/the_road_to_interoperability_in_cicd/)
| ONAP and DevOps - Integration with CI/CD Pipelines                                  | [LFN Developer and Testing Forum](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=46106257) | February 2021 | [Video](https://wiki.lfnetworking.org/download/attachments/50528946/ONAP%20And%20DevOps%20-%20Integration%20with%20CICD%20Pipelines.mp4?version=1&modificationDate=1612389823000&api=v2)
| Interoperability Challenges in CI/CD Ecosystem                                      | [CI/CD Industry Workshop](https://conf.researchr.org/home/cciw-2020#program), [ICST2020](https://icst2020.info/) | October 2020   | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Tq8MA724gX0YBkxZDStnPjTZg9096EndAb4jb3jbBos/edit)
| Interoperability Birds of a Feather (BoF)                                           | [cdCon 2020](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cdcon/) | October 2020   | [Notes](https://hackmd.io/AizhDLlRTyuYWz-XidWdGg)
| CI/CD as Enabler to Building Next Generation Networks                               | Open Infrastructure Summit, Denver| May 2019       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1fhmJsJQR0)
| Digital Transformation in Finance Industry                                          | Open Infrastructure Summit, Denver| May 2019       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtVOqmpYyes)
| Evolving CI/CD in Open Source                                                       | Spinnaker Summit, Seattle         | October 2018   | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SCtDqrBhoorNheexYoHtOW_P7OOTxKHB5oRHt1mSTWU/edit?usp=sharing)
| Panel: The Growing Spinnaker Ecosystem                                              | Spinnaker Summit, Seattle         | October 2018   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2TeQlyWGmc)
| Creating Synergies: Sharing and Reusing Results of CI/CD System Between Communities | Open Networking Summit Europe     | September 2018 | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TNG8xEhtKt5B54Phw_5rqM4jsNBjwEQgDsP-MwkwpTg/edit?usp=sharing)
| Evolving CI/CD in Open Source Networking                                            | Open Networking Summit Europe     | September 2018 | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qYfSfLig3sQyuZSiYcARDivlPrbHbq1ry_nf3ICeAjs/edit?usp=sharing)
| Keynote: Continuous Delivery Across Communities                                     | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpAP4LwSO60)
| We Came Together, Now What?                                                         | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZdjatVB8nZbUf2GJsYRFbwm6BA3naELJhyajWkVdY-A/edit?usp=sharing)
| OpenCI: What, Why, How?                                                             | OpenDev, Vancouver                | May 2018       | N/A
| Lab as a Service: Compose Your Cloud Automatically with Few Clicks                  | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver       | May 2018       | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNZ2bIsNZ_g)
| Lessons Learned: Integration, From the Cradle to the Stage                          | LFN Dev Forum, Los Angeles        | March 2018     | N/A
| Cross Community Infra/CICD                                                          | LFN Dev Forum, Los Angeles        | March 2018     | N/A
| Lab as a Service: Compose Your Cloud Automatically with Few Clicks                  | Open Networking Summit NA         | March 2018     | [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wiAAJz4ERkxAizuPU3CeB8yum5plu1RBhGVNifZ6aC0/edit#slide=id.g2927690177_2_6)
| Integrating Cloud and Container Projects in the OPNFV community: Cross Community CI | FOSDEM 2018, Brussels             | February 2018  | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmfIczDJe5w)
| Cross Community CI                                                                  | OPNFV Plugfest, Portland          | December 2017  | N/A
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: XCI                                      | OpenStack Summit, Sydney          | November 2017  | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLkWMcllUu8)
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: XCI                                      | Open Source Summit, Prague        | October 2017   | N/A
| Composing your cloud, learn how to automate deployment of your complete cloud stack | OpenStack Days Nordic             | October 2017   | N/A
| Bringing Open Source Communities Together: Cross Community CI                       | OpenStack Days Nordic             | October 2017   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9moh37G_7q0)
| Cross Community CI & Lab as a Service                                               | OpenDaylight DDF, Santa Clara     | October 2017   | N/A
| Cross Community CI ETSI NFV TST                                                     | ETSI NFV#19, Denver               | September 2017 | N/A
| Being Brave: Deploying OpenStack from Master                                        | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqIzgCh46SI)
| Improving POD Usage in Labs, CI and Testing                                         | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGf6Rj9mJlo)
| OPNFV XCI                                                                           | OPNFV Summit, Beijing             | June 2017      | N/A
| OPNFV Testing + OPNFV Pharos + OPNFV XCI                                            | OpenStack Summit, Boston          | May 2017       | N/A
| OPNFV XCI and Infrastructure                                                        | OPNFV Hackfest, Paris             | April 2017     | N/A
| How Automated CI/CD Enables Network Provisioning                                    | Open Networking Summit, NA        | April 2017     | N/A
| OPNFV CI and Challenges                                                             | CODE-STHLM, Stockholm             | November 2016  | N/A
| The Benefits of E2E Integration between open Source Communities Using 3rd Party CI  | OpenStack Summit, Barcelona       | October 2016   | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_sNKOYE3PE)
| OPNFV Infrastructure                                                                | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc4ExT6wano)
| CI/CD & DevOps                                                                      | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YINIzMtzMdo)
| Multisite OPNFV Testing Challenges                                                  | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XNnCD5Iyv0)
| Panel: CI/CD & DevOps                                                               | OPNFV Summit, Berlin              | June 2016      | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9imzxcr1W8)
| Diary of an Infra Guy                                                               | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| OPNFV Infrastructure Projects                                                       | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| Integrate, Deploy, and Test using OPNFV Labs                                        | OPNFV Summit, San Francisco       | November 2015  | N/A
| OPNFV Continuous Integration                                                        | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver       | May 2015       | N/A

## Interviews, Webinars, Podcasts

| Title                                                            | Event                         | Date           | Video/Podcast
| :---                                                             | :---                          | :---           | :---
| The Pipeline: All things CI/CD & DevOps Podcast: Interoperability| CDF Podcast                   | May 2020       | [Link](https://cdeliveryfdn.buzzsprout.com/1008697/3778943-cdf-sig-interoperability-chair-cloudbees-puppet-discuss-interoperability)
| Telecom TV: OpenCI                                               | OpenStack Summit, Vancouver   | May 2018       | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVf_oWQTwIQ)
| RDO Community: Using Zuul outside of OpenStack                   | OpenStack PTG, Dublin         | March 2018     | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=affAJm9StXg)
| RDO Community: OpenStack and OPNFV                               | OpenStack PTG, Denver         | September 2017 | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8k5s1_bI1Y)
| Linux Foundation: OPNFV XCI                                      | OPNFV Summit, Beijing         | July 2017      | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X8nMVf48DM)
| Telecom TV: Network Functions Virtualization                     | OpenStack Summit, Boston      | May 2017       | [Link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD7UaRWN-Gs)
| The New Networking: DevOps, Cross-project Integration, and XCI   | LF Webinars                   | November 2017  | [Link](https://t.co/IZF9Sf1nIR)

## Articles, Blog Posts

| Title                                                                   | Date         | Link
| :---                                                                    | :---         | :---
| CDF SIG Interoperability 2020: Year in Review                           | January 2021 | [CD Foundation Blog Post](https://cd.foundation/blog/2021/01/19/cdf-sig-interoperability-2020-year-in-review/)
| Why Interoperability in CI/CD Matters for Future Innovation             | October 2020 | [Ericsson Blog](https://www.ericsson.com/en/blog/2020/10/ci-cd-devops-interoperability-future-innovation)
| Building the Future on Bare Metal                                       | July 2020    | [OpenStack Foundation Bare Metal Whitepaper](https://www.openstack.org/use-cases/bare-metal/how-ironic-delivers-abstraction-and-automation-using-open-source-infrastructure)
| How the CDF is Establishing a Shared Vocabulary for the Industry        | April 2020   | [CD Foundation Newsletter Article](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/04/24/how-the-cdf-is-establishing-a-shared-vocabulary-for-the-industry/)
| CD Foundation TOC Approves Interoperability Special Interest Group      | January 2020 | [CD Foundation Blog Post](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/01/21/cd-foundation-technical-oversight-committee-approves-interoperability-sig/)
| XCI: How OPNFV Slashed Upstream Integration from Months to Days         | October 2017 | [OPNFV Website](https://www.opnfv.org/blog/2017/10/19/xci-how-opnfv-slashed-upstream-integration-from-months-to-days)
| XCI Solution Brief                                                      | August 2017  | [XCI Solution Brief](https://www.opnfv.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2017/08/OPNFV_SolutionBrief_XCI_080617.pdf)
| DevOps: fueling the evolution toward 5G networks                        | April 2017   | [Ericsson Technology Review](https://www.ericsson.com/en/publications/ericsson-technology-review/archive/2017/devops-fueling-the-evolution-toward-5g-networks)

## Other

| What                                 | Where
| :---                                 | :---
| CI/CD Devroom Moderator              | [FOSDEM 2021 CI/CD Devroom](https://fosdem.org/2021/schedule/track/continuous_integration_and_continuous_deployment/)
| Program Committee                    | [Continuous Delivery Summit, KubeCon Europe, 2020](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/continuous-delivery-summit/)
| Program Committee                    | [Continuous Delivery Summit, KubeCon North America, 2019](https://cd.foundation/announcement/2019/09/30/join-us-at-continuous-delivery-summit/)
| Track Chair, CI/CD                   | [Open Infrastructure Summit Denver, 2019](https://www.openstack.org/summit/denver-2019/)
| Track Chair, CI/CD                   | [OpenStack Summit Berlin, 2018](https://www.openstack.org/summit/berlin-2018/)
| Member of the Programming Committee  | [OpenDev, 2018](http://www.opendevconf.com/)
| Track Chair, Infrastructure & DevOps | [OPNFV Summit Beijing, 2017](https://www.opnfv.org/opnfv-summit-2017-event-recap)
| Track Chair, NFV                     | [OpenStack Summit Boston, 2017](https://www.openstack.org/summit/boston-2017/)
| MSc Thesis Supervisor                | [Investigating the Possibility of an Active/Active Highly Available Jenkins](https://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:647472/FULLTEXT01.pdf)

## Disclaimer

The views expressed on this website are my own and do not reflect the view of my employer and/or the open source communities I am involved in.
